[TH2-3724] Parameter for setting time zone for log timestamps (#30)
th2-net/th2-read-log: README.md

## Changes

### 3.4.0

> + Add parameter `timestampZone` to configure the time zone for log file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Add parameter `timestampZone` which should be used to process the timestamp from the log file
```
